### OWASP Summit 2017 Announcement

(to send to owasp leaders)

**OWASP Summit 2017 - Please join us**

It's now official, the next OWASP Summit will happen in **London/England between 12 and 16 of June 2017** (date chosen using a Doodle with 73 participants).

The event will be hosted at  [CenterParcs Woburn](http://events.centerparcs.co.uk/woburn-forest-overview/index.html) , and we have already booked the first block of 10 villas and meeting rooms.

This will be a working Summit  based on the model used at  the  [2008](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Summit_2008) and [2011](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Summit_2011) Summits in Portugal, basically daily 18 hours of sessions on Application Security.

To be clear, we decided to rename it to just **_OWASP Summit 2017_**, and give it a focus on the collaboration between: OWASP Projects, Developers, Application Security and DevOps.


**Working Sessions**

Summits are about its participants and Working sessions, they are a meeting of minds passionate about Application Security.

There are no presentations, and all sessions are about getting something done.

The Summit organisation team's objective is to set-up an hyper productive and collaboration environment, its up to the attendees (i.e. you) to figure our what is the best use of your time and what to focus on.

As you can see at the [Workshops page](https://owasp.github.io/owasp-summit-2017/workshops.html), there are already a number of Working Sessions and Tracks being worked on (OwaspSAMM, ZAP, WebGoat, Top 10, Mobile Security, AWS Security, Threat Modeling) but we need a lot more.

This content is managed using [GitHub](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-summit-2017/tree/master/Workshops), please help to improve the existing Working Session and create the pages with the missing ones.

Here is how you should  think about the Summit: _**"If you could get the best minds of XYZ in the same room for a number of hours/days, what should they work on?"**_ (see more details below on the _'Why OWASP needs Summits'_ section below)

If you can't make it to the venue of those dates, please also be involved in the setup and content of these working sessions, since there will be multiple ways to participate remotely and collaborate.

**Tickets**

There are two types of tickets for this Summit both covering participation in the summit for the full 5 days.

- **5 days x 24h participant** (venue, lunch, dinner, accommodation): £1,200 GBP (about $1,500 USD)
- **5 days x 8h participant** (venue, lunch) - £400 GBP (about $500 USD)

As with the previous Summits the accommodation is based on villas (called lodges at Woburn) and are a key part of making the event an 'OWASP Summit'.

The layout of the CenterParcs Woburn  villas/lodges is actually better than the previous summits, and we are expecting a lot of high productive and energetic sessions to occur :)

The tickets will soon be available for purchase, and if your OWASP Chapter or Project has funds that it would like to use, please do that as soon as possible.

Ideally your company will be able to support your participation in this event. If that is not possible (or if you are an independent contractor) then please let the Summit Team know about it, since there will be some funds available to help out (specially if you are OWASP Leader with a successful track record on an OWASP Project, Chapter or Conference )

There will also be a number of sponsorship opportunities available for Companies and OWASP Chapters/Projects (at the moment we have: DevSecCon, the OwaspSAMM project and the OWASP London chapter).

If you are planning to participate at the Summit, please add your name to the [Participants list](https://owasp.github.io/owasp-summit-2017/participants.html) (even if at the moment you don't know how your travel/accommodation/ticket costs will be covered).

**Why OWASP needs Summits**

We need OWASP Summits because we need as a community and industry, a place where we can come together and work on ideas and solutions.

We need places where we can have independent, non-vendor focused discussions on the hard problems that we have.

OWASP is one of the few organisations in the world that is able to create such environments for Application Security.

The problem we have with conferences is that they are very uni-directional. They are people presenting their research, which is great, but there is little collaboration with participants. There is also a general concern in our community about the lack of innovation in the hundreds of Security conferences that exist every year worldwide. Usually, the best exchange of ideas and collaboration happens at the conference's lobby. Some participants even go these events not for the talks, but for the people they will meet there. The problem is that those conversations are very ad hoc, they aren't planned, there is no work done before, there is no preparation for those conversations.

The summit allows you to be prepared for those exchanges. You know that you are going to meet a critical mass of people that are interested, passionate and knowledgeable about a specific topic, technology or tool (relevant to you and your industry)

More importantly all participants are there to work. Everybody is focused on creating important deliverables and solutions for Application Security (like we did on [previous Summits](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Summit_2011_Outcomes#Appendix:_Working_Session_Details_and_Documentation)).

What are those deliverables? It depends on the participants, it depends on the people, it depends on who is going to go there, and how much effort they put into it.

All that we can do is to set the stage, it is up to the participants to actually create magic and to create something quite amazing.


**Please help, by booking your place asap**

It will really help with the logistics and management of the Summit if we have a good idea of the participants, what type of ticket they need (with accommodation or not) and if they are able to get their current company to cover the participation cost.

Let us know how we can help, and thanks for the help

Dinis, Seba, Francois
