---
layout       : blocks/working-session
title        : GPG Infrastructure for OWASP
type         : workshop
track        : Owasp
status       : done
when-day     : Wed
when-time    : AM-1
location     : Room-3
room-layout  : unknown
organizers   : Achim Hoffmann
participants :
invited      : Martin Knobloch, Tiffany Long, Andrew van der Stock, Simon Bennetts
---

## Why

OWASP generates, delivers, and hosts a range of documents and tools that are widely accepted for their high quality; however, there is no mechanism to make these projects tamper-proof.

OWASP needs an organisational and technical infrastructure to sign documents and code. This Working Session aims to create a GPG infrastructure for OWASP. 

## What

* Organisational infrastructure: e-mail addresses, people who "own" the keys, trust chain
* Technical infrastructure: e-mail addresses, owasp.org/GPG
* Leaders should have a GPG key signed by OWASP's "master key" at end of the Summit
* TBD …

## Outcomes

- GPG infrastructure for OWASP
- GPG key signed by OWASP's "master key" at end of the Summit

## Who

The target audience for this Working Session is:

* Board members
* Technical staff

--- 

## Working materials

Will be done during the session, see "Content" below.

### Content

- Draft GPG infrastructure for OWASP will be created during session (docs.google ?)
- OWASP's "master key": which e-mail address? owasp@owasp.org, ca@owasp.org, root@owasp.org
- OWASP's "master key": where to store? who (human) has access?
- Which "sub keys": technical for each project, documents?
- Key validity 3-6 months, avoids revocation keys/lists/infrastructure.
- Key's validity can be updated with "expire" options.
- Key for each board member, each leader, each project owner. Must be generated by key owner and signed with "master key".
- Draft of process for generating and updating "master key" and trusted/signed keys will be created during session (docs.google ?)
